OP-1364 | To update User Manual for Pharmacy Inventory (#268)
informatici/openhospital-doc: doc_user/UserManual.adoc

NOTE: This button can be enabled or disabled to control movements deletions. Ask the Administrator or check the Administrator's Guide for more information.

=== 4.4 Inventory ([.underline]##I##nventory)

> 

Reviewer: I would add a wide introduction about the new inventory feature, something like this:

```
The Inventory feature in the Open Hospital application enables users to manage stock levels within the hospital's Main Store. This functionality allows for the accurate tracking and adjustment of inventory, ensuring that stock levels are correctly maintained and recorded.

The application supports two types of inventory management:
- Main Store Inventory: this is the primary inventory management system for the hospital's central storage area. The details of this system are covered in this chapter.
- Ward Inventory: this feature is used to manage stock levels within individual wards of the hospital. The specifics of Ward Inventory management are explained in chapter 4.5.
```

please take care about formatting and link to the chapter 4.5

Author: added

==== 4.4.1 Main Characteristics

> The Inventory features is used to correct the stock in the *_Main Store_*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Inventory features is used to manage stock levels in the *_Main Store_* as the hospital's central storage area.
```

==== 4.4.2 Functions of Inventory

To access the functions of inventory, click on *[.underline]##I##nventory* on the Pharmacy menu.

> image:image22.png[Phamacy Menu,width=220,height=182]

Reviewer: Inventory and Inventory Ward are now inverted in the menu

Author: updated

> All functions available under *[.underline]##I##nventory* are accessible from the *_Inventory Browser_* window. By default, the system shows all the inventories recorded in the period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on the *[.underline]##I##nventory* button in the *Pharmacy* menu to access the *_Inventory Browser_* window. By default, the system shows all the inventories recorded in the period.
```

> The *_New Inventory_* window is composed of three areas: the *Search panel* at the top, the *Inventory table* in the center and the *Buttons panel* on the bottom. See the image below.

Author: ```suggestion
The *_Inventory Browser_* window is composed of three areas: the *Search panel* at the top, the *Inventory table* in the center and the *Buttons panel* on the bottom. See the image below.
```

> The *Search panel* at the top, allows narrowing or subsetting the inventory list by:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Search panel* at the top, allows narrowing or sub-setting the inventory list by:
```

* *Date From* and *Date To*: dates selectors used to select a period.
* *[status]* selector (e.g., 'all'): inventory status filter.

The *Inventory table* in the center identifies the inventory by:

* *Reference*: indicates the reference of the inventory.
* *Date*: indicates the date with which the inventory was entered into the system.
* *Status*: indicates the status of the inventory.
* *User*: indicates the user who entered the inventory.

The *Buttons panel* has all the functions of the main inventory, the following choices are available:

* *[.underline]##N##ew*: create a new inventory.
* *[.underline]##E##dit*: modify an existing inventory.
* *[.underline]##V##iew*: show an existing inventory.
* *[.underline]##D##elete*: cancel an existing inventory.
* *[.underline]##C##lose*: close the window and return to the main menu.

> image:image252.png[Inventory Browser]

Reviewer: Usually in the doc the image come just after the introduction and then follow its parts' descriptions list. So I would move image:image252.png just after "The Inventory Browser window is composed of three areas: the Search panel at the top, the Inventory table in the center and the Buttons panel on the bottom. See the image below."

Author: fixed

[#create-a-new-inventory]
===== 4.4.2.1 Create a New Inventory ([.underline]##N##ew Inventory)

The *New Inventory* function is used to create a new inventory on the main store. Click on *[.underline]##N##ew* button in the *_Inventory Browser_* window to access the *_New Inventory_* window.

The *_New Inventory_* window is composed of three areas: the *Inventory panel* at the top, the *Inventory row table* in the center and the *Buttons panel* on the bottom. See the image below.

image:image253.png[New Inventory]

The data shown in the *Inventory panel* area are:

> * *Date*: the date where the inventory was entered at the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Date*: the date when the physical check for this inventory has been done in the main store.
+
NOTE: this will affect the _validation_ step, when the system will check all further charges and/or discharges recorded after this date and so potentially affecting the theoretical and real quantities in the current inventory.
```

* *Reference*: the reference associated to the inventory.
* *Charge Type*: the charge movement type used for the charge movement (when theoretic qty < real qty).
* *Discharge Type*: the discharge movement type used for discharge movement (when theoretic qty > real qty).
* *Supplier*: the supplier used for the charge movement.
* *Destination*: the ward used for the discharge movement.
* *Status* (e.g., 'DRAFT'): the status of the inventory. This value of status is set automatically. 
+

> *NOTE:* The Destination, Charge Type, Discharge Type and Supplier can be defined by the Administrator. Ask the Administrator or check the <<settings,Settings>> chapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*NOTE:* The Destination, Charge Type, Discharge Type and Supplier can be defined by the Administrator. For instance, it is advisable to use dedicated charge and discharge types for inventories, as well as a virtual supplier and a virtual ward that will be used as origin and destination of the inventory rectifications. Ask the Administrator or check the <<settings,Settings>> chapter.
```

> 

Reviewer: missing description of "Specific product" and "Add products".

I will rename these in "Add a medical" and "Add medicals by"

Reviewer: Please check now

Author: Okay no problem. So will update also "Specific product" by "Add a medical" and "Add products" by "Add medicals by"?

> The data shown in the *Inventory row table* area are:

Reviewer: should header column names follow the same UPPERCASE style in the doc?

Author: apply in all the column name

* *Code*: the code of the phamaceutical.

> * *Product*: the description of the phamaceutical.

Reviewer: Now is "Medical"

```suggestion
* *MEDICAL*: the description of the phamaceutical.
```

* *New Lot*: indicates if the inventory row is for a new lot or not.
* *Lot No.*: the lot code of the pharmaceutical.
* *Due Date*: the due date of the lot.
* *Theoretic Qty*: the theoretic quantity of the lot of the pharmaceutical.
* *Real Qty*: the real(physical) quantity of the lot of the pharmaceutical.
* *Total Cost*: the total cost that represents the real value of the lot.

The *Buttons panel* is used to perform some action:

* *[.underline]##S##ave*: this button is used to save the inventory.
* *[.underline]##L##ot*: this button is used to link new lot to a new specific product (the inventory row that column *New Lot* as value *N*). to perform that, first highlighted the product and click on this button.

> 

Reviewer: Add a "+" to include the NOTE in the same paragraph of the last bullet 
```suggestion
+
```

*NOTE:* This button is enabled just for the inventory row that column *New Lot* has value *N*, otherwise the button is disabled.

* *[.underline]##D##elete*:  used to remove one or the set of the inventory row(s).
* *Clean [.underline]##T##able*:  used to remove all the inventory rows.
* *[.underline]##V##alidate*: used to validate the inventory.

> * *[.underline]##C##onfirm*: used to validate the inventory.

Author: ```suggestion
* *[.underline]##C##onfirm*: used to confirm the inventory.
```

> 

Reviewer: Add a "+" to include the NOTE in the same paragraph of the last bullet 
```suggestion
+
```

*NOTE:* This button is enabled for the inventory after it it validated,, otherwise the button is disabled.

* *[.underline]##C##lose*: used to return to the *_Inventory Browser_* window.

> 

Reviewer: Add a "+" to include the NOTE in the same paragraph of the last bullet 
```suggestion
+
```

*NOTE:* An inventory row can be inserted either for specific products or for a set of products.

====== 4.4.2.1.1 Insert Inventory Row By Using TextField
 
To insert an inventory row for a specific product, enter into the field for specific product the code or the description of the pharmaceutical to insert, and press ENTER. This will open the Choose a Medical window.

image:image254.png[Choose medical]

> Select the desired pharmaceutical or search the pharmaceutical by code or description using the search field and select the pharmaceutical to highlight it, then click on *[.underline]##S##elect* button to add the pharmaceutical as inventory row or click on *[.underline]##C##ancel* to back on the *_Inventory Browser_* window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Select the desired pharmaceutical or search the pharmaceutical by code or description using the search field and select the pharmaceutical to highlight it, then click on *[.underline]##S##elect* button to add the pharmaceutical as inventory row or click on *[.underline]##C##ancel* to back out of the *_Inventory Browser_* window.
```

====== 4.4.2.1.2 Insert Inventory Row Product By using SELECT Button

> To insert an inventory row for a set of products, click on the SELECT button. This will open the Lot Information window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To insert an inventory row for a set of products, click on the [.underline]##S##elect* button. This will open the *_Lot Information_* window.
```

image:image255.png[Lot Information]

Select the Medical Type on the combo box and choose:

> * *All*: if we need all the pharmaceuticals for selected Medical Type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *All*: if all the pharmaceuticals for the selected Medical Type are needed.
```

> * *Only non zero quantity*: if we need all the pharmaceuticals for selected Medical Type with non zero quantity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Only non zero quantity*: if only all the pharmaceuticals for the selected Medical Type with non zero quantity are needed.
```

> * *with movement only*: if we need all the pharmaceuticals for selected Medical Type and which has at least one movement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *with movement only*: if all the pharmaceuticals for the selected Medical Type and which has at least one movement are needed.
```

> Then click on *[.underline]##O##k* button to insert all the pharmaceuticals that match the choise as the inventory(ies) row(s) in the *Inventory row table*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then click on *[.underline]##O##k* button to insert all the pharmaceuticals that match the choice as the inventory(ies) row(s) in the *Inventory row table*.
```

[#Edit-a-new-inventory]
===== 4.4.2.2 Edit Inventory ([.underline]##E##dit Inventory)

> To modify an inventory, highlight the inventory in the *_Inventory Browser_* window. Once the inventory has been highlighted, click on *[.underline]##E##dit* button to enter on the *_Edit Inventory_* window. Now the record is available for changes. This function allows to edit all the data of the inventory including inventory(ies) row(s) of the inventory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To modify an inventory, highlight the inventory in the *_Inventory Browser_* window. Once the inventory has been highlighted, click on *[.underline]##E##dit* button to enter on the *_Edit Inventory_* window. Now the record is available for changes. This function allows editing all the data of the inventory including inventory(ies) row(s) of the inventory.
```

image:image256.png[Edit Inventory]

> During modication we have possibility to validate the inventory by clicking on *[.underline]##V##alidate* button. After some secondes we will have the dialog below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During modification it is possible to validate the inventory by clicking on *[.underline]##V##alidate* button.  This results in the following dialog:
```

image:image266.png[Validate Inventory]

> During modication we have also possibility to Confirm the inventory by clicking on *[.underline]##C##onfirm* button. After some secondes we will have the dialog below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During modification it is possible to Confirm the inventory by clicking on *[.underline]##C##onfirm* button.  This results in the following dialog:
```

image:image267.png[Confirm Inventory]

===== 4.4.2.3 View Inventory ([.underline]##V##iew)

> To view an inventory, highlight the inventory in the *_Inventory Browser_* window. Once the inventory has been highlighted and click on *[.underline]##V##iew* button to enter on the *_View Browser_* window. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To view an inventory, highlight the inventory in the *_Inventory Browser_* window. Once the inventory is highlighted, click on the *[.underline]##V##iew* button to enter the *_View Browser_* window. 
```

image:image258.png[View Inventory]

> This function allows to view all the data for the inventory including inventory(ies) row(s) of the inventory. We also have possibility to *[.underline]##P##rint* those data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This function allows viewing all the data for the inventory including inventory(ies) row(s) of the inventory. There is also an option to *[.underline]##P##rint* the data.
```

NOTE: On view mode it is not possible to update something.

> To print the inventory, click on *[.underline]##P##rint* button to print the data, See the image below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To print the inventory, click on the *[.underline]##P##rint* button, See the resulting image below:
```

image:image259.png[Print Inventory]

> Click on *[.underline]##Y##es* button, after some time the JasperViewer® will show the generated report without real quantity as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click on *[.underline]##Y##es* button, which results in the JasperViewer® showing the generated report without real quantities as follows:
```

image:image260.png[Report output without real qty]

> If we click on *[.underline]##N##o* button, after some time the JasperViewer® will show the generated report with real quantity as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the *[.underline]##N##o* button is selected, the JasperViewer® shows the generated report with real quantities as follows:
```

image:image261.png[Report output with real qty]

===== 4.4.2.4 Delete Inventory ([.underline]##D##elete)

> The delete button is used to cancel an inventory. Highlight the inventory in the *_Inventory Browser_* window, when the inventory has been highlighted then click on *[.underline]##D##elete* button. A confirmation window is shown:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The delete button is used to remove an inventory. Highlight the inventory in the *_Inventory Browser_* window, when the inventory is highlighted click on *[.underline]##D##elete* button. A confirmation window is shown:
```

image:image257.png[Delete Inventory]

=== 4.5 Ward Inventory ([.underline]##W##ard Inventory)

==== 4.5.1 Main Characteristics

The Inventory features is used to correct the stock in the *_Ward_*.

==== 4.5.2 Functions of Ward Inventory

To access the functions of ward inventory, click on *[.underline]##W##ard Inventory* on the Pharmacy menu.

image:image22.png[Phamacy Menu,width=220,height=182]

All the functions available under *[.underline]##W##ard Inventory* are accessible from the *_Manage Ward Inventory_* window. By default, the system shows all the inventories recorded in the period.

The *_Manage Ward Inventory_* window is composed of three areas: the *Search panel* at the top, the *Ward Inventory table* in the center and the *Buttons panel* on the bottom. See the image below.

> The *Search panel* at the top, allows narrowing or subsetting the inventory list by:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Search panel* at the top, allows narrowing or sub-setting the inventory list by:
```

* *[.underline]##E##dit*: this button is used to modify an existing ward inventory.
* *[.underline]##V##iew*: this button is used to show an existing ward inventory.
* *[.underline]##D##elete*: this button is used to cancel an existing ward inventory.
* *[.underline]##C##lose*: this button is used to close the window and return to the main menu.

image:image262.png[Ward Inventory Browser]

[#create-a-new-ward-inventory]
===== 4.5.2.1 Create a New ward Inventory ([.underline]##N##ew)

The *New Inventory* function is used to create a new inventory on the main store. Click on *[.underline]##N##ew* button in the *_Manage Ward Inventory_* window to access the *_New Inventory_* window.

image:image263.png[New ward Inventory]

After the selection of the ward (FEMALE WARD in this example), the *_New Inventory_* window is shown, allowing for the management of the ward inventory of the FEMALE WARD:

image:image264.png[New ward Inventory]

The *_New Inventory_* window is composed of three areas: the *Inventory panel* at the top, the *Inventory row table* in the center and the *Buttons panel* on the bottom.

The data shown in the *Upper panel* area are:

> * *Ward*: the ward that we are making the inventory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Ward*: the ward that is associated with the new inventory.
```

* *Date*: the date of the inventory.
* *Reference*: the reference associated to the inventory.

> The data shown in the *Center panel* area represente inventory row. they are:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The data shown in the *Center panel* area represents an inventory row. The data are:
```

* *Code*: the code of the phamaceutical.
* *Product*: the description of the phamaceutical.
* *New Lot*: indicates if the inventory row is for a new lot or not.
* *Lot's Code.*: the lot code of the pharmaceutical.
* *Due Date*: the due date of the lot.
* *Theoretic Qty*: the theoretic quantity of the lot of the pharmaceutical.
* *Real Qty*: the real(physical) quantity of the lot of the pharmaceutical.

> * *Total Cost*: the total cost that represents the real value of the lot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Total Cost*: the total cost or real value of the lot.
```

The *Buttons panel* is used to perform some action:

* *[.underline]##S##ave*: this button is used to save the inventory.

> * *[.underline]##L##ot*: this button is used to link new lot to a new specific product (the inventory row that column *New Lot* as value *N*). to perform that, first highlighted the product and click on this button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *[.underline]##L##ot*: this button is used to link a new lot to a new specific product (the inventory row that column *New Lot* as value *N*). To perform the operation, first highlighted the product and click this button.
```

> NOTE: This button is enabled just for the inventory row that column *New Lot* has value *N* else the button is disable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: This button is enabled only for the inventory row where the column *New Lot* has value the value *N*, otherwise the button is disabled.
```

> * *[.underline]##D##elete*: this button is used to remove one or the set of inventory row.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *[.underline]##D##elete*: this button is used to remove one or a set of inventory rows.
```

> * *Clean [.underline]##T##able*: this button is used to remove all the inventory row.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Clean [.underline]##T##able*: this button is used to remove all the inventory rows.
```

* *[.underline]##V##alidate*: this button is used to validate the inventory.

> * *[.underline]##C##onfirm*: this button is used to validate the inventory.

Reviewer 2: This button has the same description as the one above it; I highly suspect this is wrong.

Author: already fixed

> * *[.underline]##C##onfirm*: this button is used to validate the inventory.

Author: ```suggestion
* *[.underline]##C##onfirm*: this button is used to confirm the inventory.
```

> NOTE: This button is enable just for the inventory with is already validated else the button is disable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*NOTE:* The Confirm button is enabled only if the inventory is validated, otherwise the button is disabled.
```

> * *[.underline]##C##lose*: this button is used to back on the *_Inventory Browser_* window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *[.underline]##C##lose*: this button is used to return to the *_Inventory Browser_* window.
```

> NOTE: We can insert inventory row either for specific products or for a set of products.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*NOTE:* It is possible to insert inventory row(s) either for specific products or for a set of products.
```

===== 4.5.2.2 Edit Ward Inventory ([.underline]##E##dit)

> To modify a ward inventory, highlight the inventory in the *_Manage Ward Inventory_* window. Once the inventory has been highlighted, click on *[.underline]##E##dit* button to enter on the *_Edit Inventory_* window. Now the record is available for changes. This function allows for editing all the data for the inventory including inventory(ies) row(s).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To modify a ward inventory, highlight the inventory in the *_Manage Ward Inventory_* window. Once the inventory is highlighted, click the *[.underline]##E##dit* button to use the *return* key in the *_Edit Inventory_* window. Now the record is available for changes. This function permits editing all the data for the inventory, including inventory(ies) row(s).
```

image:image268.png[Edit ward Inventory]

> During modication We have possibility to validate the inventory by clicking on *[.underline]##V##alidate* button. After some secondes We will have the dialog below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During modification it is possible to validate the inventory by clicking on *[.underline]##V##alidate* button. This results in a dialog like the one below:
```

image:image266.png[Validate Inventory]

> During modication we have also possibility to Confirm the inventory by clicking on *[.underline]##C##onfirm* button. After some secondes we will have the dialog below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During modification it is possible to Confirm the inventory by clicking the *[.underline]##C##onfirm* button. The action results in the dialog shown below:
```

image:image267.png[Confirm Inventory]

===== 4.5.2.3 View Ward Inventory ([.underline]##V##iew)

> To view an ward inventory, highlight the inventory in the *_Manage Ward Inventory_* window. Once the inventory has been highlighted, click on *[.underline]##V##iew* button to enter on the *_View Inventory_* window. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To view a ward inventory, highlight the inventory in the *_Manage Ward Inventory_* window. Once the inventory is  highlighted, click on *[.underline]##V##iew* button to enter on the *_View Inventory_* window. 
```

image:image265.png[View Ward Inventory]

> This function allows to view all the data for the inventory including inventory(ies) row(s) of the inventory. We also have possibility to *[.underline]##P##rint* those data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This function is used to view all the data for the inventory including inventory(ies) row(s) of the inventory.  There is a;sp the option to *[.underline]##P##rint* the data.
```

> NOTE: On view mode it is not possible to update something.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*NOTE:* While in view mode it is not possible to update the data.
```

> To print the inventory, click on *[.underline]##P##rint* button to print the data, shown the im below

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To print the inventory, click the *[.underline]##P##rint* button shown the image below:
```

image:image259.png[Print Ward Inventory]

Click on *[.underline]##Y##es* button, after some time the JasperViewer® will show the generated report without real quantity as follows:

image:image269.png[Report output without real qty]

> If we click on *[.underline]##N##o* button, after some time the JasperViewer® will show the generated report with real quantity as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click on *[.underline]##N##o* button, after some time the JasperViewer® will show the generated report with real quantity as follows:
```

image:image270.png[Report output with real qty]

===== 4.5.2.4 Delete Ward Inventory ([.underline]##D##elete)

> The delete button is used to cancel an inventory. Highlight the inventory in the *_Inventory Browser_* window, wwhen the inventory has been highlighted then click on *[.underline]##D##elete* button on the *Buttons panel*. A confirmation window is shown:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The delete button is used to cancel an inventory.  First, highlight the inventory in the *_Inventory Browser_* window, When the inventory is highlighted, click the *[.underline]##D##elete* button in the *Buttons panel*. A confirmation window is shown:
```

> The delete button is used to cancel an inventory.  First, highlight the inventory in the *_Inventory Browser_* window, When the inventory is highlighted, click the *[.underline]##D##elete* button in the *Buttons panel*. A confirmation window is shown:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The delete button is used to cancel an inventory.  First, highlight the inventory in the *_Inventory Browser_* window, when the inventory is highlighted, click the *[.underline]##D##elete* button in the *Buttons panel*. A confirmation window is shown:
```

NOTE: This button can be enabled or disabled to control movements deletions. Ask the Administrator or check the Administrator's Guide for more information.

=== 4.4 Inventory ([.underline]##I##nventory)

==== 4.4.1 Main Characteristics

The Inventory features is used to correct the stock in the *_Main Store_*.

==== 4.4.2 Functions of Inventory

To access the functions of inventory, press *[.underline]##I##nventory* on the Pharmacy menu shown below.

image:image22.png[Phamacy Menu,width=220,height=182]

All functions available under *[.underline]##I##nventory* are accessible from the *_Inventory Browser_* window, shown below. By default, the system shows all the inventories recorded in the period.

> The *_New Inventory_* window is composed of three areas: the *Search panel* at the top, the *Inventory table* in the center and the *Buttons panel* on the bottom. see the picture below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *_New Inventory_* window is composed of three areas: the *Search panel* at the top, the *Inventory table* in the center and the *Buttons panel* on the bottom. See the image below.
```

> *Search panel* at the top, allow user to make research, we can make research by:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Search panel* at the top, allows narrowing or subsetting the inventory list by;
```

> * *Date From* and *Date To*: dates selectors used to select a period.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Date From* and *Date To*: dates selectors used to select a date range.
```

> * *[status]* selector (e.g. 'all'): inventory status filter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *[status]* selector (e.g., 'all'): inventory status filter.
```

> *Inventory table* in the center has the  data that identify inventory like:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Inventory table* in the center identifies the inventory by:
```

> * *Reference*: indicates the reference of the inventory

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Reference*:  the reference of the inventory
```

> * *Date*: indicates the date when the inventory was entered

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Date*: the date the inventory was entered into the system
```

* *Status*: the status of the inventory

> * *User*: the user who make the inventory

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *User*: the user who entered the inventory
```

> *Buttons panel* has all the functions of the main inventory, the following choices are available:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Buttons panel* has all the functions of the main inventory, the following choices are available:
```

* *[.underline]##N##ew*: create a new inventory.
* *[.underline]##E##dit*: modify an existing inventory.
* *[.underline]##V##iew*: show an existing inventory.
* *[.underline]##D##elete*: cancel an existing inventory.
* *[.underline]##C##lose*: close the window and return to the main menu.

image:image252.png[Inventory Browser]

[#create-a-new-inventory]
===== 4.4.2.1 Create a New Inventory ([.underline]##N##ew Inventory)

The *New Inventory* function is used to create a new inventory on the main store.

> Press the *[.underline]##N##ew* button in the *_Inventory Browser_* window to access the *_New Inventory_* window, shown below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Press the *[.underline]##N##ew* button in the *_Inventory Browser_* window to access the *_New Inventory_* window.
```
Shown below is redundant with line 848

> The *_New Inventory_* window is composed of three areas: the *Inventory panel* at the top, the *Inventory row table* in the center and the *Buttons panel* on the bottom. see the picture below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *_New Inventory_* window is composed of three areas: the *Inventory panel* at the top, the *Inventory row table* in the center and the *Buttons panel* on the bottom. See the image below.
```

image:image253.png[New Inventory]

Data shown in the *Inventory panel* area are:

> * *Date*: the date of the inventory.

Reviewer 2: here you are ending the line with periods; see lines 827-830 where you don't do the same thing.  Should be consistent.

Author: fixed

* *Reference*: the reference associated to the inventory.

> * *Charge Type*: the charge movement type that will be used for the charge movement (when theoretic qty < real qty).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Charge Type*: the charge movement type used for the charge movement (when theoretic qty < real qty).
```
Using the passive voice is not recommended

> * *Discharge Type*: the discharge movement type that will be used for discharge movement (when theoretic qty > real qty).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Discharge Type*: the discharge movement type used for discharge movement (when theoretic qty > real qty).
```

> * *Supplier*: the supplier that will be used for the charge movement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Supplier*: the supplier tsed for the charge movement.
```

> * *Destination*: the ward that will be used for the discharge movement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Destination*: the ward used for the discharge movement.
```

> * *Status* (e.g. 'DRAFT'): the status of the inventory. this value of status is set automaticaly. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Status* (e.g., 'DRAFT'): the status of the inventory. This value of status is set automatically. 
```

+

> NOTE: Destination, charge Type, discharge Type and supplier can be defined by the Administrator. Ask the Administrator or check the <<settings,Settings>> chapter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*NOTE:* The Destination, Charge Type, Discharge Type and Supplier can be defined by the Administrator. Ask the Administrator or check the <<settings,Settings>> chapter.
```

Data shown in the *Inventory row table* area are:

* *Code*: the code of the phamaceutical.
* *Product*: the description of the phamaceutical.

> * *New Lot*: indicates if the inventory row is for new lot or not.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *New Lot*: indicates if the inventory row is for a new lot or not.
```

* *Lot No.*: the lot code of the pharmaceutical.
* *Due Date*: the due date of the lot.

> * *Theoretic Qty*: the theoretic quantity of the lot of pharmaceutical.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Theoretic Qty*: the theoretic quantity of the lot of the pharmaceutical.
```

> * *Real Qty*: the real(physical) quantity of the lot of pharmaceutical.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Real Qty*: the real(physical) quantity of the lot of the pharmaceutical.
```

> * *Total Cost*: the total cost that represent the real value of the lot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Total Cost*: the total cost that represents the real value of the lot.
```

> *Buttons panel* is used to perform some action:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Buttons panel* is used to perform actions:
```

> * *[.underline]##S##ave*: this button is use to save the inventory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *[.underline]##S##ave*: save the current inventory.
```

> * *[.underline]##L##ot*: this button is use to link new lot to a new specific product (the inventory row that column *New Lot* as value *N*). to perform that, first highlighted the product and click on this button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *[.underline]##L##ot*: used to link a new lot to a new specific product (the inventory row that column *New Lot* as value *N*).  To perform the action,  first highlighted the product and click on this button.
```

> NOTE: This button is enable just for the inventory row that column *New Lot* has value *N* else the button is disable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*NOTE:* This button is enable just for the inventory row that column *New Lot* has value *N*, otherwise the button is disabled.
```

> * *[.underline]##D##elete*: this button is use to remove one or the set of the inventory row.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *[.underline]##D##elete*:  used to remove one or the set of the inventory row(s).
```

> * *Clean [.underline]##T##able*: this button is use to remove all the inventory row.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Clean [.underline]##T##able*:  used to remove all the inventory rows.
```

> * *[.underline]##V##alidate*: this button is use to validate the inventory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *[.underline]##V##alidate*: used to validate the inventory.
```

> * *[.underline]##C##onfirm*: this button is use to validate the inventory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *[.underline]##C##onfirm*: used to validate the inventory.
```
The text for this button is the same as Validate, that doesn't make sense.

> NOTE: This button is enable just for the inventory with is already validated else the button is disable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*NOTE:* This button is enabled for the inventory after it it validated,, otherwise the button is disabled.
```

> * *[.underline]##C##lose*: this button is use to back on the *_Inventory Browser_* window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *[.underline]##C##lose*: used to return to the *_Inventory Browser_* window.
```

> NOTE: We can insert inventory row either for specific products or for a set of products.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*NOTE:* An inventory row can be inserted either for specific products or for a set of products.
```

====== 4.4.2.1.2 Insert Inventory Row Product By using SELECT Button

To insert an inventory row for a set of products, click on the SELECT button. This will open the Lot Information window.

image:image255.png[Lot Information]

Select the Medical Type on the combo box and choose:

* *All*: if you need all the pharmaceutical for selected Medical Type.
* *Only non zero quantity*: if you need all the pharmaceutical for selected Medical Type with non zero quantity.
* *with movement only*: if you need all the pharmaceutical for selected Medical Type and which has at least one movement.

Then click OK to insert the inventory(ies) row(s) in the table.

[#Edit-a-new-inventory]
===== 4.4.2.2 Edit Inventory ([.underline]##E##dit Inventory)

To modify an inventory, highlight the inventory in the *_Inventory Browser_* window. Once the inventory has been highlighted, press the Edit button to enter on the *_Edit Inventory_* window, shown below. Now the record is available for changes. This function allows for editing all the data for the inventory including inventory(ies) row(s) of the inventory.

image:image256.png[Edit Inventory]

> During modication you have possibility to validate the inventory by press on *[.underline]##V##alidate* button. After some seconde you will have the dialog below.

Reviewer 2: General rule for the documentation is not to use the word "you"

Author: okay thanks for the remark I have update its. Thanks

NOTE: This button can be enabled or disabled to control movements deletions. Ask the Administrator or check the Administrator's Guide for more information.

=== 4.4 Inventory ([.underline]##I##nventory)

The Inventory feature enables users to manage stock levels within the hospital's Main Store and wards. This functionality allows for the accurate tracking and adjustment of inventory, ensuring that stock levels are correctly maintained and recorded.

The application supports two types of inventory management:

- *Main Store Inventory*: this is the primary inventory management system for the hospital's central storage area. The details of this system are covered in this chapter.

> - *Ward Inventory*: this feature is used to manage stock levels within individual wards of the hospital. The specifics of Ward Inventory management are explained in chapter 4.5.

Reviewer 2: Why is Chapter 4.5 not hyperlinked?

Reviewer: yes, even better without numbers (that may change). Done, thanks!

[#inventory-main-characteristics]
==== 4.4.1 Main Characteristics

The Inventory feature is used to manage stock levels in the *_Main Store_* as the hospital's central storage area.

- Theoretical and real quantity evidence
- Print working paper to hand write real quantities
- Rotational (partial) inventories
- In line lots creation and editing
- (Action) Status workflow: (Save) DRAFT -> (Validate) VALIDATED -> (Confirm) DONE
- Full freedom of charge/discharge type and supplier/destination selection (to be defined by the Administrator)

==== 4.4.2 Functions of Inventory

To access the functions of inventory, click on *[.underline]##I##nventory* on the Pharmacy menu.

image:image22.png[Phamacy Menu]

Click on the *[.underline]##I##nventory* button in the *Pharmacy* menu to access the *_Inventory Browser_* window. By default, the system shows all the inventories recorded in the period.

image:image252.png[Inventory Browser]

> The *_Inventory Browser_* window is composed of three areas: the *Search panel* at the top, the *Inventory list* in the center and the *Buttons panel* on the bottom. See the image above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *_Inventory Browser_* window is composed of three areas: the *Search panel* at the top, the *Inventory table* in the center and the *Buttons panel* on the bottom. See the image above.
```

The *Search panel* at the top, allows narrowing or sub-setting the inventory list by:

* *Date From* and *Date To*: dates selectors used to select a period.
* *Status* selector (e.g., 'All'): inventory status filter.

The *Inventory table* in the center identifies the inventory by:

* *REFERENCE*: indicates the reference of the inventory.

> * *DATE*: indicates the date with which the inventory was entered into the system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *DATE*: indicates the date the inventory was entered into the system.
```

* *STATUS*: indicates the status of the inventory.
* *USER*: indicates the user who entered the inventory.

The *Buttons panel* has all the functions of the main inventory, the following choices are available:

* *[.underline]##N##ew*: create a new inventory.
* *[.underline]##E##dit*: modify an existing inventory.
* *[.underline]##V##iew*: show an existing inventory.
* *[.underline]##D##elete*: cancel an existing inventory.
* *[.underline]##C##lose*: close the window and return to the main menu.

[#create-a-new-inventory]
===== 4.4.2.1 Create a New Inventory ([.underline]##N##ew Inventory)

The *New Inventory* function is used to create a new inventory on the main store. Click on *[.underline]##N##ew* button in the *_Inventory Browser_* window to access the *_New Inventory_* window.

The *_New Inventory_* window is composed of three areas: the *Inventory panel* at the top, the *Inventory row table* in the center and the *Buttons panel* on the bottom. See the image below.

image:image253.png[New Inventory]

The data shown in the *Inventory panel* area are:

* *Date*: the date and time when the physical check for this inventory has been done in the main store.
+

> NOTE: this will affect the _validation_ step, when the system will check all further charges and/or discharges recorded after this date and so potentially affecting the theoretical and real quantities in the current inventory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: This affects the _validation_ step, when the system will check all further charges and/or discharges recorded after this date and so potentially affecting the theoretical and real quantities in the current inventory.
```

* *Inventory's reference*: the reference associated to the inventory.

> * *Charge Type*: the charge movement type used for the charge movement (when theoretical qty < real qty).

Reviewer 2: why the abbreviation of `qty` and other places?  Seems unprofessional

* *Supplier*: the supplier used for the charge movement.
* *Discharge Type*: the discharge movement type used for discharge movement (when theoretical qty > real qty).
* *Destination*: the ward used for the discharge movement.

> * *Status* (e.g., 'DRAFT'): the status of the inventory. This value of status is set automatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Status* (e.g., 'DRAFT'): the status of the inventory. This value is set automatically by the system.
```

+
NOTE: The Destination, Charge Type, Discharge Type and Supplier can be defined by the Administrator. For instance, it is advisable to use dedicated charge and discharge types for inventories, as well as a virtual supplier and a virtual ward that will be used as origin and destination of the inventory rectifications. Ask the Administrator or check the <<settings,Settings>> chapter.

The data shown in the *Inventory row table* area are:

* *CODE*: the code of the phamaceutical.
* *MEDICAL*: the description of the phamaceutical.
* *NEW LOT*: indicates if the inventory row is for a new lot or not.
* *LOT's CODE*: the lot code of the pharmaceutical.
* *DUE DATE*: the due date of the lot.
* *THEORETICAL*: the theoretical (according to the records) quantity of the lot of the pharmaceutical.
* *REAL QUANTITY*: the real (physical count) quantity of the lot of the pharmaceutical.
* *UNIT COST*: the unit cost of the pharmaceutical
* *TOTAL COST*: the total cost that represents the real value of the lot.

The *Buttons panel* is used to perform some action:

* *[.underline]##S##ave*: this button is used to save the inventory.

> * *[.underline]##L##ot*: this button is used to link new lot to a new specific product (the inventory row that column *New Lot* as value *N*). to perform that, first select the product/lot in the list and then click on this button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *[.underline]##L##ot*: this button is used to link a new lot to a new specific product (the inventory row that column *New Lot* has value *N*). To perform that, first select the product/lot in the list and then click on this button.
```

+

> NOTE: This button is enabled just for the product/lot whose column *New Lot* has value *N*, otherwise the button is disabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: This button is enabled only for products/lots where the column *New Lot* has value *N*.
```

* *Clean [.underline]##T##able*: used to remove all the inventory rows.
* *[.underline]##V##alidate*: used to validate the inventory.
* *[.underline]##C##onfirm*: used to confirm the inventory.
+
NOTE: The *Confirm* button is enabled once the inventory is validated, until then the button is disabled. See <<inventory-main-characteristics,Main Characteristics>> chapter.

* *[.underline]##C##lose*: used to return to the *_Inventory Browser_* window.

====== 4.4.2.1.1 Insert Inventory Row By Using TextField
 
To insert an inventory row for a medical, type into the *Add medical* field the code or the description of the pharmaceutical and press ENTER. This will open the _Choose a Medical_ window.

image:image254.png[Choose a medical]

Select the desired pharmaceutical or search the pharmaceutical by code or description using the search field and select the pharmaceutical to highlight it, then click on *[.underline]##S##elect* button to add the pharmaceutical as inventory row or click on *[.underline]##C##ancel* to back to the *_Inventory Browser_* window.

====== 4.4.2.1.2 Insert Inventory Row Product By using SELECT Button

> To insert an inventory row for a set of medicals, useful for rotational inventories, click on the SELECT button. This will open the Lot Information window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To insert an inventory row for a set of medicals, useful for rotational inventories, click the SELECT button. This will open the *_Lot Information_* window.
```

Reviewer 2: Why are the formatting of all buttons references the same, for example the Select button is usually formatted like:  *[.underline]##S##elect*        That isn't true in this line and other places.  Please check for button formatting consistency.

Reviewer: ok, SELECT is not even correct with the new GUI... I will change that

image:image255.png[Lot Information]

> Specify the Medical Type on the combo box (All = all medical types) and choose:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specify the Medical Type in the combo box (All = all medical types) and choose:
```

* *All*: if all the pharmaceuticals for the selected Medical Type are needed.

> * *Only non zero quantity*: if only the pharmaceuticals for the selected Medical Type with non zero theoretical quantity are needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Only non-zero quantity*: if only the pharmaceuticals for the selected Medical Type with non-zero theoretical quantity are needed.
```

Reviewer 2: The resource bundle text should also change `non zero` to `non-zero`

> * *with movement only*: if only the pharmaceuticals for the selected Medical Type which have been used at least once are needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *With movement only*: if only the pharmaceuticals for the selected Medical Type which have been used at least once are needed.
```

Then click on *[.underline]##O##k* button to insert all the pharmaceuticals that match the choice as the inventory(ies) row(s) in the *Inventory row table*.

===== 4.4.2.2 Edit Inventory ([.underline]##E##dit Inventory)

To modify an inventory, select the inventory in the *_Inventory Browser_* window. Once the inventory has been highlighted, click on *[.underline]##E##dit* button to enter on the *_Edit Inventory_* window. Now the record is available for changes. This function allows editing all the data of the inventory including inventory(ies) row(s) of the inventory.

NOTE: only inventories in DRAFT and VALIDATED states can be edited.

image:image256.png[Edit Inventory]

> During modification it is possible to validate the inventory by clicking on the *[.underline]##V##alidate* button. This may results in the following dialog:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During modification it is possible to validate the inventory by clicking on the *[.underline]##V##alidate* button. This may result in the following dialog:
```

image:image271.png[Error]

> If the inventory has not been saved yet since last changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the inventory has unsaved changes.
```

image:image266.png[Validate Inventory]

> This Information window asks wheter to check for any medicals on the stock or just the ones that are in the list?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This Information window asks whether to check for any medicals on the stock or just the ones that are in the list?
```

Reviewer 2: Why is the title of this window not formatted like other window titles?  Please check for consistency.

- *Yes, all medicals*: the system will check if new movements are made on the main store for any medical and eventually show the changes in a new dialog. See below.
- *No, only the medicals in the list*: the system will check if new movement are made on the main store for the specific medicals that are in the list. E.g. see the image below. 

image:image272.png[Validate]

> Click on the *[.underline]##O##k* button to continue. The system may also show another information message that inform the date of the inventory will be updated as a new more recent movement has been found:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click on the *[.underline]##O##k* button to continue. The system may also show another information message that specifies the date of the inventory will be updated as a new more recent movement has been found:
```

image:image273.png[Inventory date update]

NOTE: Since the inventory will result in a number of charges/discharges in <<pharmaceutical-stock,Pharmaceutical Stock>> to align the stock levels to the real quantities (physical count), its date cannot be prior an already existing movement, so the system will always check if the current inventory is the latest operation to be recorded.

Click on the *[.underline]##O##k* button to continue. If new movements have been found, the system will show the following dialog in order to update the current inventory:

image:image274.png[Question]

> By clicking the *[.underline]##Y##es* button the system will actualize the inventory by adding new inventory row(s) and by updating also its date/time and its status, see the picture below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By clicking the *[.underline]##Y##es* button the system will actualize the inventory by adding new inventory row(s) and updating its date/time and status, see the picture below:
```

image:image275.png[validate Inventory]

Otherwise, by clicking the *[.underline]##N##o* button, nothing will be changed, but the inventory will remain (or go back) to DRAFT state.

> During modification, and only once fully validated, it is possible to Confirm the inventory by clicking on *[.underline]##C##onfirm* button. This will results in the following dialog:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During modification, and only once fully validated, it is possible to confirm the inventory by clicking on *[.underline]##C##onfirm* button. This will result in the following dialog:
```

* *[.underline]##V##iew*: this button is used to show an existing ward inventory.
* *[.underline]##D##elete*: this button is used to cancel an existing ward inventory.
* *[.underline]##C##lose*: this button is used to close the window and return to the main menu.

===== 4.5.2.1 Create a New ward Inventory ([.underline]##N##ew)

The *New Inventory* function is used to create a new inventory for a ward. Click on *[.underline]##N##ew* button in the *_Manage Ward Inventory_* window to access the *_New Inventory_* window.

image:image263.png[New ward Inventory]

After the selection of the ward (FEMALE WARD in this example), the *_New Inventory_* window is shown, allowing for the management of the FEMALE WARD inventory:

image:image264.png[New ward Inventory]

The *_New Inventory_* window is composed of three areas: the *Inventory panel* at the top, the *Inventory row table* in the center and the *Buttons panel* on the bottom.

The data shown in the *Upper panel* area are:

* *Select ward*: the ward that is associated with this inventory.
* *Date*: the date of the inventory.
* *Inventory's reference*: the reference associated to the inventory.

> * *Add a medical*: this field is use to Add inventory row for a medical.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Add a medical*: this field is used to add inventory row for a medical.
```

> * *Add medicals by*: This button is use to Add inventory row for a set of medicals.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Add medicals by*: This button is used to add inventory row for a set of medicals.
```

===== 4.5.2.2 Edit Ward Inventory ([.underline]##E##dit)

To modify a ward inventory, select the inventory in the *_Manage Ward Inventory_* window. Once the inventory is highlighted, click the *[.underline]##E##dit* button to use the *return* key in the *_Edit Inventory_* window. Now the record is available for changes. This function permits editing all the data for the inventory, including inventory(ies) row(s).

image:image268.png[Edit ward Inventory]

During modification it is possible to validate the inventory by clicking on *[.underline]##V##alidate* button. This results in a dialog like the one below:

image:image266.png[Validate Inventory]

During modification it is possible to Confirm the inventory by clicking the *[.underline]##C##onfirm* button. The action results in the dialog shown below:

image:image267.png[Confirm Inventory]

===== 4.5.2.3 View Ward Inventory ([.underline]##V##iew)

To view a ward inventory, highlight the inventory in the *_Manage Ward Inventory_* window. Once the inventory is  highlighted, click on *[.underline]##V##iew* button to enter on the *_View Inventory_* window. 

image:image265.png[View Ward Inventory]

> This function is used to view all the data for the inventory including inventory(ies) row(s) of the inventory. There is a;sp the option to *[.underline]##P##rint* the data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This function is used to view all the data for the inventory including inventory(ies) row(s) of the inventory. There is an option to *[.underline]##P##rint* the data.
```

> NOTE: While in view mode it is not possible to chage anything.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: While in view mode it is not possible to change anything.
```

The application supports two types of inventory management:

- *Main Store Inventory*: this is the primary inventory management system for the hospital's central storage area. The details of this system are covered in this chapter.
- *Ward Inventory*: this feature is used to manage stock levels within individual wards of the hospital. The specifics of Ward Inventory management are explained in the chapter <<inventory-ward,4.5 Ward Inventory>>.

[#inventory-main-characteristics]
==== 4.4.1 Main Characteristics

The Inventory feature is used to manage stock levels in the *_Main Store_* as the hospital's central storage area. These are the main features:

- Theoretical and real quantity evidence
- Print working paper to hand write real quantities
- Rotational (partial) inventories
- In line lots creation and editing
- Status workflow: (Save) DRAFT -> (Validate) VALIDATED -> (Confirm) DONE
- Full control on charge/discharge types and supplier/destination selection (to be defined by the Administrator)

==== 4.4.2 Functions of Inventory

To access the functions of inventory, click on *[.underline]##I##nventory* on the Pharmacy menu.

image:image22.png[Phamacy Menu]

> Click on the *[.underline]##I##nventory* button in the *Pharmacy* menu to access the *_Inventory Browser_* window. By default, the system shows all the inventories recorded in the period. If "All" filter for Status is selected, the window will show "open" (draft, validated) inventories regardless the date range:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click on the *[.underline]##I##nventory* button in the *Pharmacy* menu to access the *_Inventory Browser_* window. By default, the system shows all the inventories recorded in the period. If the "All" filter for Status is selected, the window will show "open" (draft, validated) inventories regardless the date range:
```

> Click on the *[.underline]##I##nventory* button in the *Pharmacy* menu to access the *_Inventory Browser_* window. By default, the system shows all the inventories recorded in the period. If "All" filter for Status is selected, the window will show "open" (draft, validated) inventories regardless the date range:

Reviewer 2: BTW, this statement is confusing.  Line 856 says to click on "Inventory" on the Primary menu and this line (860) starts off with basically the same phrase and then adds: access the Inventory Browser window.   This should be simplified.

Reviewer: Done, check it now please

image:image252.png[Inventory Browser]

The *_Inventory Browser_* window is composed of three areas: the *Search panel* at the top, the *Inventory table* in the center and the *Buttons panel* on the bottom. See the image above.

> The *Search panel* at the top, allows narrowing or sub-setting the inventory list by:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Search panel* at the top allows for narrowing or sub-setting the inventory list by:
```

* *Date From* and *Date To*: dates selectors used to select a period.
* *Status* selector (e.g., 'All'): inventory status filter.

The *Inventory table* in the center identifies the inventory by:

* *REFERENCE*: indicates the reference of the inventory.
* *DATE*: indicates the date the inventory was entered into the system.
* *STATUS*: indicates the status of the inventory.
* *USER*: indicates the user who entered the inventory.

> The *Buttons panel* has all the functions of the main inventory, the following choices are available:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The *Buttons panel* has the following inventory operations available:
```

* *[.underline]##N##ew*: create a new inventory.
* *[.underline]##E##dit*: modify an existing inventory.
* *[.underline]##V##iew*: show an existing inventory.
* *[.underline]##D##elete*: cancel an existing inventory.
* *[.underline]##C##lose*: close the window and return to the main menu.

[#create-a-new-inventory]
===== 4.4.2.1 Create a New Inventory ([.underline]##N##ew Inventory)

The *New Inventory* function is used to create a new inventory on the main store. Click on *[.underline]##N##ew* button in the *_Inventory Browser_* window to access the *_New Inventory_* window.

The *_New Inventory_* window is composed of three areas: the *Inventory panel* at the top, the *Inventory row table* in the center and the *Buttons panel* on the bottom. See the image below.

image:image253.png[New Inventory]

The data shown in the *Inventory panel* area are:

> * *Date*: the date and time when the physical check for this inventory has been done in the main store.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Date*: the date and time when the physical check for this inventory was completed in the main store.
```

* *Status* (e.g., 'DRAFT'): the status of the inventory. This value is set automatically by the system.
* *Add a medical*: this field is used to add a single product by typing its code or name.
* *Add medicals by*: This button is used to add a set of medicals, by type, quantities or actual usage. 

The data shown in the *Inventory row table* area are:

* *CODE*: the code of the pharmaceutical.
* *MEDICAL*: the description of the pharmaceutical.
* *NEW LOT*: indicates if the inventory row introduces a new lot (never recorded before) for the system.
* *LOT's CODE*: the lot code of the pharmaceutical.
* *DUE DATE*: the due date of the lot.
* *THEORETICAL*: the theoretical (according to the records) quantity of the lot of the pharmaceutical.
* *REAL QUANTITY*: the real (physical count) quantity of the lot of the pharmaceutical.
* *DIFFERENCE*: the difference between real and theoretical quantities, if any.
* *UNIT COST*: the unit cost of the pharmaceutical
* *TOTAL COST*: the total cost that represents the real value of the lot.

The *Buttons panel* is used to perform some action:

* *[.underline]##S##ave*: this button is used to save the inventory.

> * *[.underline]##L##ot*: this button is used to link a new lot to a new specific product (the inventory row that column *New Lot* has value *N*). To perform that, first select the product/lot in the list and then click on this button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *[.underline]##L##ot*: this button is used to link a new lot to a new specific product (the inventory row that column *New Lot* has the value *N*). To perform the operation, first select the product/lot in the list and then click on this button.
```

+

> NOTE: This button is enabled only for products/lots where the column *New Lot* has value *N*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: This button is enabled only for products/lots where the column *New Lot* has the value *N*.
```

> * *[.underline]##D##elete*: used to remove one or more products/lots from the list.

Reviewer 2: Please be consistent, the other buttons start with "this button is used to ...."

Reviewer: Done, thank you!

* *Clean [.underline]##T##able*: used to remove all the inventory rows.
* *[.underline]##V##alidate*: used to validate the inventory.
* *[.underline]##C##onfirm*: used to confirm the inventory.
+

> NOTE: The *Confirm* button is enabled once the inventory is validated, until then the button is disabled. See <<inventory-main-characteristics,Main Characteristics>> chapter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: The *Confirm* button is enabled only after the inventory is validated. See <<inventory-main-characteristics,Main Characteristics>> chapter.
```

* *[.underline]##C##lose*: this button is used to return to the *_Inventory Browser_* window.

[#insert-inventory-row]
====== 4.4.2.1.1 Insert Inventory Row By Using The Code Or Description
 

> To insert an inventory row for a medical, type into the *Add medical* field the code or the description of the pharmaceutical and press ENTER. This will open the _Choose a Medical_ window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To insert an inventory row for a medical, type into the *Add medical* field the code or the description of the pharmaceutical and press ENTER. This opens the _Choose a Medical_ window:
```

image:image254.png[Add a medical]

> Select the desired pharmaceutical or search the pharmaceutical by code or description using the search field and select the pharmaceutical to highlight it, then click on *[.underline]##S##elect* button to add the pharmaceutical as inventory row or click on *[.underline]##C##ancel* to return to the *_Inventory Browser_* window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Select the desired pharmaceutical or search for the pharmaceutical by code or description using the search field and then select the pharmaceutical by highlighting it. Next click the *[.underline]##S##elect* button to add the pharmaceutical as inventory row or click the *[.underline]##C##ancel* to return to the *_Inventory Browser_* window.
```

> Select the desired pharmaceutical or search the pharmaceutical by code or description using the search field and select the pharmaceutical to highlight it, then click on *[.underline]##S##elect* button to add the pharmaceutical as inventory row or click on *[.underline]##C##ancel* to back to the *_Inventory Browser_* window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Select the desired pharmaceutical or search the pharmaceutical by code or description using the search field and select the pharmaceutical to highlight it, then click on *[.underline]##S##elect* button to add the pharmaceutical as inventory row or click on *[.underline]##C##ancel* to return to the *_Inventory Browser_* window.
```

====== 4.4.2.1.2 Insert Inventory Rows By Type And Usage

> To insert an inventory row for a set of medicals, useful for rotational inventories, click the *Add medicals by* button. This will open the *_Lot Information_* window.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To insert an inventory row for a set of medicals; which is useful for rotational inventories; click the *Add medicals by* button. This opens the *_Lot Information_* window.
```

image:image255.png[Lot Information]

Specify the Medical Type in the combo box (All = all medical types) and choose:

* *All*: if all the pharmaceuticals for the selected Medical Type are needed.
* *Only non-zero quantity*: if only the pharmaceuticals for the selected Medical Type with non-zero theoretical quantity are needed.
* *With movement only*: if only the pharmaceuticals for the selected Medical Type which have been used at least once are needed.

Then click on *[.underline]##O##k* button to insert all the pharmaceuticals that match the choice as the inventory(ies) row(s) in the *Inventory row table*.

====== 4.4.2.1.3 Insert Inventory Row With New Lot

> If the pharmaceutical is already in the Inventory with its all possible lots, the system asks if to add it anyway:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the pharmaceutical is already in the Inventory with all of its possible lots, the system asks if to add it anyway:
```

image:image255b.png[Add a medical]

> By clicking on the *[.underline]##Y##es* button, the pharmaceutical will be then added to the list with a *N* flag:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By clicking the *[.underline]##Y##es* button, the pharmaceutical is added to the list with a *N* flag:
```

image:image255c.png[New lot flag]

> This means that the lot has to be defined within the inventory and this can be achieved by selecting the inventory row and by clicking on the *[.underline]##L##ot* button:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This means that the lot must be defined within the inventory. This can be achieved by selecting the inventory row and then clicking  the *[.underline]##L##ot* button:
```

image:image255d.png[Define a lot]

> The procedure is pretty much the same as defined in chapter <<insert-stock-charging-movement,4.2.2.2 Insert Stock Charging Movement>>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The procedure is similar as that defined in the chapter <<insert-stock-charging-movement,4.2.2.2 Insert Stock Charging Movement>>.
```

> Once the lot is defined, a real quantity greater than zero must be specified, otherwise validation will fail:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once the lot is defined, a real quantity greater than zero must be specified, otherwise validation fails:
```

Reviewer 2: There is too much "future tense" used in this document.

image:image255e.png[Validation fail]

===== 4.4.2.2 Edit Inventory ([.underline]##E##dit Inventory)

> To modify an inventory, select the inventory in the *_Inventory Browser_* window. Once the inventory has been highlighted, click on *[.underline]##E##dit* button to enter on the *_Edit Inventory_* window. Now the record is available for changes. This function allows editing all the data of the inventory including inventory(ies) row(s) of the inventory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To modify an inventory, select the inventory in the *_Inventory Browser_* window. Once the inventory has been highlighted, click the *[.underline]##E##dit* button to enter on the *_Edit Inventory_* window. The record is available for the editing of all the data of the inventory including inventory(ies) row(s) of the inventory.
```

NOTE: only inventories in DRAFT and VALIDATED states can be edited.

image:image256.png[Edit Inventory]

===== 4.4.2.3 Validate Inventory ([.underline]##V##alidate)

During modification it is possible to validate the inventory by clicking on the *[.underline]##V##alidate* button. This may result in the following dialog:

image:image271.png[Error]

If the inventory has unsaved changes.

image:image266.png[Validate Inventory]

> This Information window asks whether to check for any medicals on the stock or just the ones that are in the list?

Reviewer 2: I would remove the question mark at the end of the line; a question isn't being asked here; the dialog is asking the question.

Reviewer: Sure, thanks!

> This Information window asks whether to check for any medicals on the stock or just the ones that are in the list?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Information window asks whether to check for any medicals on the stock or just the ones that are in the list:
```

> - *Yes, all medicals*: the system will check if new movements are made on the main store for any medical and eventually show the changes in a new dialog. See below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- *Yes, all medicals*: the system checks if new movements are made on the main store for any medical and will show the changes in a new dialog. See below.
```

> - *No, only the medicals in the list*: the system will check if new movement are made on the main store for the specific medicals that are in the list. E.g. see the image below. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- *No, only the medicals in the list*: the system checks if new movements are made on the main store for the specific medicals that are in the list. E.g., see the image below. 
```

image:image272.png[Validate]

Click on the *[.underline]##O##k* button to continue. The system may also show another information message that specifies the date of the inventory will be updated as a new more recent movement has been found:

image:image273.png[Inventory date update]

> NOTE: Since the inventory will result in a number of charges/discharges in <<pharmaceutical-stock,Pharmaceutical Stock>> to align the stock levels to the real quantities (physical count), its date cannot be prior an already existing movement, so the system will always check if the current inventory is the latest operation to be recorded.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: Since the inventory results in a number of charges/discharges actions in <<pharmaceutical-stock,Pharmaceutical Stock>> to align the stock levels to the real quantities (physical count), so the date cannot be prior an already existing movement. The system always checks if the current inventory is the latest operation to be recorded.
```

> Click on the *[.underline]##O##k* button to continue. If new movements have been found, the system will show the following dialog in order to update the current inventory:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click on the *[.underline]##O##k* button to continue. If new movements are found, the system shows the following dialog in order to update the current inventory:
```

image:image274.png[Question]

By clicking the *[.underline]##Y##es* button the system will actualize the inventory by adding new inventory row(s) and updating its date/time and status, see the picture below:

image:image275.png[validate Inventory]

> Otherwise, by clicking the *[.underline]##N##o* button, nothing will be changed, but the inventory will remain (or go back) to DRAFT state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Otherwise, by clicking the *[.underline]##N##o* button, nothing is changed and the inventory remains (or goes back) to DRAFT state.
```

===== 4.4.2.4 Confirm Inventory ([.underline]##C##onfirm

> During modification, and only once fully validated, it is possible to confirm the inventory by clicking on *[.underline]##C##onfirm* button. This will result in the following dialog:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During modification only after validation is performed it is possible to confirm the inventory by clicking on *[.underline]##C##onfirm* button. The following dialog is generated:
```

image:image267.png[Confirm Inventory]

> By clicking the *[.underline]##y##es* button, the system will finally convert all differences between real and theoretical quantities into charge/discharge movements and will inform the process has been completed with the following information message:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By clicking the *[.underline]##y##es* button, the system will convert all differences between real and theoretical quantities into charge/discharge movements and signals the process is completed with the following information message:
```

image:image276.png[Information]

> NOTE: Every confirmation has an implicit validation, means that every time the Confirm button is clicked, the Validation is automatically clicked too before confirmation, to make sure that the inventory is fully validated before confirmation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: Every confirmation has an implicit validation, which means that every time the Confirm button is clicked, the Validation is performed to ensure that the inventory is fully validated before confirmation.
```

image:image258.png[Inventory Done]

Every difference is reflected either as a charge or a discharge Stock Movement:

image:image258b.png[Stock Movement from Inventory]

===== 4.4.2.5 View Inventory ([.underline]##V##iew)

> To view an inventory, highlight the inventory in the *_Inventory Browser_* window. Once the inventory is highlighted, click on the *[.underline]##V##iew* button to enter the *_View Browser_* window. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To view an inventory, highlight the inventory in the *_Inventory Browser_* window. Once the inventory is highlighted, click the *[.underline]##V##iew* button to enter the *_View Browser_* window. 
```

image:image258.png[View Inventory]

This function allows viewing all the data for the inventory including inventory(ies) row(s) of the inventory. There is also an option to *[.underline]##P##rint* the data.

> NOTE: On view mode it is not possible to change anything.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: In view mode it is not possible to change anything.
```

===== 4.4.2.6 Print Inventory ([.underline]##P##rint)

> To print the inventory, click on the *[.underline]##P##rint* button, See the resulting image below:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To print the inventory, click the *[.underline]##P##rint* button, See the resulting image below:
```

image:image259.png[Print Inventory]

Click on *[.underline]##Y##es* button, which results in the JasperViewer® showing the generated report without real quantities as follows:

image:image260.png[Report output without real quantity]

If the *[.underline]##N##o* button is selected, the JasperViewer® shows the generated report with real quantities as follows:

image:image261.png[Report output with real quantity]

===== 4.4.2.7 Delete Inventory ([.underline]##D##elete)

> The delete button is used to cancel an inventory. Select the inventory in the *_Inventory Browser_* window, when the inventory is highlighted click on *[.underline]##D##elete* button. A confirmation window is shown:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The delete button is used to cancel an inventory. Select the inventory in the *_Inventory Browser_* window, when the inventory is highlighted click the *[.underline]##D##elete* button. A confirmation window is shown:
```

image:image257.png[Delete Inventory]

[#inventory-ward]
=== 4.5 Ward Inventory ([.underline]##W##ard Inventory)

==== 4.5.1 Main Characteristics

The _Ward Inventory_ feature is used to manage the stock levels in a *_Ward_*. These are the main features:

- Theoretical and real quantity evidence
- Print working paper to hand write real quantities
- Rotational (partial) inventories
- In line lots creation and editing
- Status workflow: (Save) DRAFT -> (Validate) VALIDATED -> (Confirm) DONE

==== 4.5.2 Functions of Ward Inventory

To access the Ward Inventory feature, click on *[.underline]##W##ard Inventory* on the Pharmacy menu.

image:image22.png[Phamacy Menu]

> All the features available under *[.underline]##W##ard Inventory* are accessible from the *_Manage Ward Inventory_* window. By default, the system shows all the inventories recorded in the period. If "All" filter for Status is selected, the window will show "open" (draft, validated) inventories regardless the date range:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All the features available under *[.underline]##W##ard Inventory* are accessible from the *_Manage Ward Inventory_* window. By default, the system shows all the inventories recorded in the period. If the "All" filter for Status is selected, the window will show "open" (draft, validated) inventories regardless the date range:
```

* *[.underline]##E##dit*: this button is used to modify an existing ward inventory.
* *[.underline]##V##iew*: this button is used to show an existing ward inventory.
* *[.underline]##D##elete*: this button is used to cancel an existing ward inventory.
* *[.underline]##C##lose*: this button is used to close the window and return to the main menu.

===== 4.5.2.1 Create a New ward Inventory ([.underline]##N##ew)

The *New Inventory* function is used to create a new inventory for a ward. Click on *[.underline]##N##ew* button in the *_Manage Ward Inventory_* window to access the *_New Inventory_* window.

image:image263.png[New ward Inventory]

After the selection of the ward (FEMALE WARD in this example), the *_New Inventory_* window is shown, allowing for the management of the FEMALE WARD inventory:

image:image264.png[New ward Inventory]

The *_New Inventory_* window is composed of three areas: the *Inventory panel* at the top, the *Inventory row table* in the center and the *Buttons panel* on the bottom.

The data shown in the *Upper panel* area are:

* *Select ward*: the ward that is associated with this inventory.
* *Date*: the date of the inventory.
+

> NOTE: This affects the _validation_ step, when the system will check all further charges and/or discharges recorded after this date and so potentially affecting the theoretical and real quantities in the current inventory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: This affects the _validation_ step, when the system checks all further charges and/or discharges recorded after this date and which potentially affects the theoretical and real quantities in the current inventory.
```

* *Inventory's reference*: the reference associated to the inventory.

> * *Add a medical*: this field is used to add inventory row for a medical.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Add a medical*: this field is used to add an inventory row for a medical.
```

> * *Add medicals by*: This button is used to add inventory row for a set of medicals.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Add medicals by*: This button is used to add an inventory row for a set of medicals.
```

The data shown in the *Center panel* area represents an inventory row. The data are:

* *CODE*: the code of the pharmaceutical.
* *MEDICAL*: the description of the pharmaceutical.
* *NEW LOT*: indicates if the inventory row introduces a new lot (never recorded before) for the system.
* *LOT's CODE.*: the lot code of the pharmaceutical.
* *DUE DATE*: the due date of the lot.
* *THEORETICAL*: the theoretic quantity of the lot of the pharmaceutical.
* *REAL QUANTITY*: the real(physical) quantity of the lot of the pharmaceutical.
* *DIFFERENCE*: the difference between real and theoretical quantities, if any.
* *UNIT COST*: the unit cost of the pharmaceutical.
* *TOTAL COST*: the total cost or real value of the lot.

The *Buttons panel* is used to perform some action:

* *[.underline]##S##ave*: this button is used to save the inventory.

> * *[.underline]##L##ot*: this button is used to link a new lot to a new specific product (the inventory row that column *New Lot* as value *N*). To perform the operation, first highlighted the product and click this button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *[.underline]##L##ot*: this button is used to link a new lot to a new specific product (the inventory row that column *New Lot* as value *N*). To perform the operation, first highlighted the product and then click this button.
```

> NOTE: This button is enabled only for the inventory row where the column *New Lot* has value the value *N*, otherwise the button is disabled.

Reviewer 2: The phrase:  `, otherwise the button is disabled` is not necessary in my option.   The sentence starts off with `is enabled only for ...`.   That is sufficient.  There are many such occurrences.

Reviewer: mmm... ok, I can see also repeated twice "the value". Let me check other occurrences...

> NOTE: This button is enabled only for the inventory row where the column *New Lot* has value the value *N*, otherwise the button is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: This button is enabled only for the inventory row where the column *New Lot* has value *N*.
```

* *[.underline]##D##elete*: this button is used to remove one or a set of inventory rows.
* *Clean [.underline]##T##able*: this button is used to remove all the inventory rows.
* *[.underline]##V##alidate*: this button is used to validate the inventory.
* *[.underline]##C##onfirm*: this button is used to confirm the inventory.

> NOTE: The Confirm button is enabled only if the inventory is validated, otherwise the button is disabled. See 

Reviewer 2: Nothing seems to follow the "See" at the end of the line

Reviewer: Yeah, fixed, thanks!

> NOTE: The Confirm button is enabled only if the inventory is validated, otherwise the button is disabled. See 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The Confirm button is enabled only if the inventory is validated. 
```

* *[.underline]##C##lose*: this button is used to return to the *_Inventory Browser_* window.

NOTE: It is possible to insert inventory row(s) either for specific products or for a set of products.

====== 4.5.2.1.1 Insert Inventory Row By Using The Code Or Description
====== 4.5.2.1.2 Insert Inventory Rows By Type And Usage
====== 4.5.2.1.3 Insert Inventory Row With New Lot

See <<insert-inventory-row,4.4.2.1.x Insert Inventory Row for Main Inventory>> chapters.

===== 4.5.2.2 Edit Ward Inventory ([.underline]##E##dit)

> To modify a ward inventory, select the inventory in the *_Manage Ward Inventory_* window. Once the inventory is highlighted, click the *[.underline]##E##dit* button to use the *return* key in the *_Edit Inventory_* window. Now the record is available for changes. This function permits editing all the data for the inventory, including inventory(ies) row(s).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To modify a ward inventory, select the inventory in the *_Manage Ward Inventory_* window. Once the inventory is highlighted, click the *[.underline]##E##dit* button or use the *return* key in the *_Edit Inventory_* window. Now the record is available for changes. This function permits editing all the data for the inventory, including inventory(ies) row(s).
```

image:image268.png[Edit ward Inventory]

===== 4.4.2.3 Validate Inventory ([.underline]##V##alidate)

During modification it is possible to validate the inventory by clicking on *[.underline]##V##alidate* button. This results in a dialog like the one below:

image:image266.png[Validate Inventory]

image:image266b.png[Validated Inventory]

===== 4.4.2.4 Confirm Inventory ([.underline]##C##onfirm)

During modification it is possible to Confirm the inventory by clicking the *[.underline]##C##onfirm* button. The action results in the dialog shown below:

image:image267.png[Confirm Inventory]

> NOTE: Every confirmation has an implicit validation, means that every time the Confirm button is clicked, the Validation is automatically clicked too before confirmation, to make sure that the inventory is fully validated before confirmation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: Every confirmation has an implicit validation, which means that every time the Confirm button is clicked, the Validation is automatically clicked too before confirmation. This ensures that the inventory is fully validated before confirmation.
```

image:image267b.png[Confirmed Inventory]

Every difference is reflected either as a charge or a discharge Ward Stock Movement for the same ward:

image:image267c.png[Ward stock movements]

===== 4.5.2.5 View Ward Inventory ([.underline]##V##iew)

> To view a ward inventory, highlight the inventory in the *_Manage Ward Inventory_* window. Once the inventory is  highlighted, click on *[.underline]##V##iew* button to enter on the *_View Inventory_* window. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To view a ward inventory, highlight the inventory in the *_Manage Ward Inventory_* window. Once the inventory is  highlighted, click the *[.underline]##V##iew* button which will then show the *_View Inventory_* window. 
```

image:image265.png[View Ward Inventory]

This function is used to view all the data for the inventory including inventory(ies) row(s) of the inventory. There is an option to *[.underline]##P##rint* the data.

NOTE: While in view mode it is not possible to change anything.

===== 4.5.2.6 Print Ward Inventory ([.underline]##P##rint)

To print the inventory, click the *[.underline]##P##rint* button shown the image below:

image:image259.png[Print Ward Inventory]

> Click on *[.underline]##Y##es* button, after some time the JasperViewer® will show the generated report without real quantity as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click on *[.underline]##Y##es* button, after some time the JasperViewer® will show the generated report without real quantities as follows:
```

image:image269.png[Report output without real quantity]

> Click on *[.underline]##N##o* button, after some time the JasperViewer® will show the generated report with real quantity as follows:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click on *[.underline]##N##o* button, after some time the JasperViewer® will show the generated report with real quantities as follows:
```

image:image266.png[Validate Inventory]

This Information window asks whether to check for any medicals on the stock or just the ones that are in the list:

> - *Yes, all medicals*: the system checks if new movements are made on the main store for any medical and will show the changes in a new dialog. See below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- *Yes, all medicals*: the system checks if new movements are made on the main store for any medical and shows the changes in a new dialog. See below.
```

NOTE: Since the inventory results in a number of charges/discharges actions in <<pharmaceutical-stock,Pharmaceutical Stock>> to align the stock levels to the real quantities (physical count), so the date cannot be prior an already existing movement. The system always checks if the current inventory is the latest operation to be recorded.

Click on the *[.underline]##O##k* button to continue. If new movements are found, the system shows the following dialog in order to update the current inventory:

image:image274.png[Question]

By clicking the *[.underline]##Y##es* button the system will actualize the inventory by adding new inventory row(s) and updating its date/time and status, see the picture below:

image:image275.png[validate Inventory]

Otherwise, by clicking the *[.underline]##N##o* button, nothing is changed and the inventory remains (or goes back) to DRAFT state.

===== 4.4.2.4 Confirm Inventory ([.underline]##C##onfirm

During modification only after validation is performed it is possible to confirm the inventory by clicking on *[.underline]##C##onfirm* button. The following dialog is generated:

image:image267.png[Confirm Inventory]

> By clicking the *[.underline]##y##es* button, the system will convert all differences between real and theoretical quantities into charge/discharge movements and signals the process is completed with the following information message:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By clicking the *[.underline]##y##es* button, the system converts all differences between real and theoretical quantities into charge/discharge movements and signals the process is completed with the following information message:
```

To access the Ward Inventory feature, click on *[.underline]##W##ard Inventory* on the Pharmacy menu.

image:image22.png[Pharmacy Menu]

> All the features available under *[.underline]##W##ard Inventory* are accessible from the *_Manage Ward Inventory_* window. By default, the system shows all the inventories recorded in the period. If the "All" filter for Status is selected, the window will show "open" (draft, validated) inventories regardless the date range:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All the features available under *[.underline]##W##ard Inventory* are accessible from the *_Manage Ward Inventory_* window. By default, the system shows all the inventories recorded in the period. If the "All" filter for Status is selected, the window shows "open" (draft, validated) inventories regardless the date range:
```

===== 4.5.2.5 View Ward Inventory ([.underline]##V##iew)

> To view a ward inventory, highlight the inventory in the *_Manage Ward Inventory_* window. Once the inventory is  highlighted, click the *[.underline]##V##iew* button which will then show the *_View Inventory_* window. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To view a ward inventory, highlight the inventory in the *_Manage Ward Inventory_* window. Once the inventory is  highlighted, click the *[.underline]##V##iew* button to show the *_View Inventory_* window. 
```
